In the first Experiment, the functionalities which need to be put are as follows:

1. A dropdown with English, Hindi and Select Language as the options.
2. Clickable buttons pertaining to each word of a sentence which has been been jumbled and need to be put in for the sentence to be syntactically and semantically correct.
3. After clicking on any button, the corresponding word should display in a line and a Reform the Sentence button should be seen so as to reset the whole thing.
4. Only when all the buttons are clicked, a button named Check the correctness of the sentence is to be displayed.
5. For wrong answers, the right answers should be displayed after a button Click for Solution is pressed. Nothing is to be done for a correct answer.
6. Everytime the page is loaded, the order of the buttons containing the words is to be jumbled.


For adding buttons, we will store the sentences in JSON format and the using split, sort, random and join functions, we will get different words of the sentence.
Then we will put those words inside button tags and display it in the DOM.

In the HTML file, we will create a select tag and have three options as Select language, english and hindi which when selected will display a sentence saying “Form a sentence (Declarative or Interrogative or any other type) from the given words(select the buttons in proper order)".

Now the words selected randomly from random sentences needs to diplay in html page which have the functionality of clickable buttons.
Here, we need two random functions, one for selecting random sentence and the second for selecting the random words.

Now, once a word button is clicked, the "formed sentence" is displayed below the button and the word of the elected is displayed on the screen. 
Also, "re-form sentence" button commes up which acts as a reset button for the words choosen.

For the "re-form the sentence" button, if the burron is clicked, it should reset the chosen words in the same order as it was before clicking and make the same jumbled sentence we got earlier.
It should vanish everything except the buttons with the jumbled sentence.

Now, we need second button which tells the correctness of the sentence. This button should be visible only after all the buttons are removed from the jumbled sentence and placed in the below sentence.

For the functionality of the "check correctness of the sentence" button, when pressed we need to compare the sentence formed with the corpus sentences provided.
If the sentence is right, we need to display "right answer" and for wrong, "wrong answer" is displayed with a button for "get the correct sentence"